So let's now all the test is on Android and for dad here.
I have to explode up on Android Open now.
Let me take a picture of this QR code and permits does overlay and now it is should open up the app
here in Android on my real phone of course now.
And here again all enter a little test title here.
Then take an image and allow access to that.
Take this image here let's say it looks beautiful.
Also crop it accepted.
Now forward location.
I'll pick that on the map maybe your safeties and that looks good.
And now if I click save here that's all looking good.
Here's my item here's the place it just created.
I can go to the map and do it there.
And now if I close this
and I again scan does again to reopen the app I should hopefully Lotus and yes I do from my local sequel
storage I have.
So with that I get this working on Android and also on I was on real devices and with that we added
native device functionality to our app.